Opower: Clarify you need to disable 2FA for Exelon utilities (#28618)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/opower.markdown

To add this integration to your installation, you will need your login username and password for your utility website. Two-factor authentication is not supported.

> For the Exelon subsidiaries, log on the web site, select don't use 2FA and don't ask me again. If you have already enabled 2FA, disable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Opower with any of the Exelon subsidiaries, you need to actively disable two-factor authentication. Log onto the website, select **Don't use 2FA** and **Don't ask me again**. If you have already enabled 2FA, disable it.
```
